when you go back and watch you'll you
know you play then you watch the film
can you start to see where guys are
separating themselves okay this is the
guy that I know I can count on this
season well I mean we're all playing
hard you know we're all is pretty hard
to you know separate anybody because
we're giving it everything we got each
and every day so what have you seen out
of rice drinking stone so far it's been
playing very well he's been doing
everything he coaches ask him to do you
know everybody's been playing well all
the linebackers have been doing good job
all day you know minecrat everybody
everybody everything me every to the
freshman to the seniors has been doing
good it's no seniors in the lab back in
group but everybody from doing with rice
was uh mostly on special teams last year
but Hoke said he was doing pretty well
this this fall as far as being
potentially a backup at that will spot
I'm do you see him as you know being
ready to that point is it be seen a lot
of strides from where he was last year
yeah vs came a long way just had like I
have you know it's been his hard getting
adjusted from high school to college
football and he's been doing well and
you know he's been gone in his playbook
looking in understanding defense more is
that change the way you up early so much
well you know going in a camp I didn't
see myself as a full-time starter I feel
like I still have somebody on my hands
trying to you know take my spot and
having that mindset encourages me to go
in and out of practice no a chip on my
shoulder trying to separate myself and I
feel like I haven't separated myself
enough to be called that full-time
starter but he ever seriously I just
feel like I need to do I don't I don't
like to have any mistakes I like to go
into practice you know knowing
everything I do and I don't want to have
no mistakes and those mistakes you know
still there humbling and let me know
that I'm not wearing
need to get a lot better like what
what's a recent mistake I mean it's real
simple mistakes you know it might be
alignment assignments you know is not
you know not making a play but it
snowing a little pissed attention to
details what our coach hoch always tell
tell me um is it hard going and in
practice map they only hit the
quarterback when yours oh it's a little
difficult it's a little difficult and as
you can hear back there right now I know
jack we'd like to hit someone I would
really like to help but just I mean how
difficult el me about that when you when
you break through the island do you have
to remind yourself for in a split second
I can't hit this guy well he has an
orange jersey know so I know I can't
touch that guy but having devon has a
quarterback yeah I think it's you know
advantage because he's a very mobile
quarterback understanding ankles to get
to that quarterback is it's pretty good
and I know a lot of teams I don't have
that guy to help him out but he's he's
been beneficial even though we can't hit
him but we still gotta get up has
anybody touched him by accident actually
yes we get in trouble for that so we try
to go hit up I don't even know but I
just know he did me wrong it wasn't me I
just we don't need to do that so